index.markdown, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# tanvincible

Hello there! 👋  
I'm **Tanvi Pooranmal Meena** — a builder, thinker, and problem-solver. 

I’m passionate about **number theory**, **machine learning**, and **quantum computing**, and I spend my time simplifying complex challenges. 

This site is a reflection of my work, thoughts, and the things I’m learning.

## About Me

I’m currently an undergraduate student majoring in [**Mechanical Engineering**](https://www.iitk.ac.in/me/) at [**IIT Kanpur**](https://www.iitk.ac.in/).  

Alongside my studies, I’m also diving into the world of **machine learning** and **quantum computing**, always trying to connect dots between these fields and **number theory**. 

My goal is to keep pushing boundaries in these areas while sharing what I learn with others.

## Explore

- **What’s New**:  
  See what I’m currently thinking and building on my [Now page](/now).

- **Ideas & Inspiration**:  
Discover thoughts, notes, and quotes in my [Blogs](/blogs) and [Quotes](/quotes) collections.

- **Resources**:  
  Explore my [Reading List](/reading-list), [Toolbox](/toolbox), and [Recommendations](/recommendations) for useful books, tools, and resources.

## Links

- [**CV**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1X0k_9NCodCuM3C_k_VqecOmHQqGicRVN/view?usp=sharing)  
- [**GitHub**](https://github.com/tanvincible)

## Contact

Feel free to reach out via [**tanvipm19@gmail.com**](mailto:tanvipm19@gmail.com).

---

## Changelog & Site Info

For updates and insights, check out the [Changelog](/changelog) and [Site Blueprint](/site-blueprint) page.

Commit message:

Add notice for site dev and issue tracker

index.markdown, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
---

# tanvincible

Hello there! 👋  
I'm **Tanvi Pooranmal Meena** — a builder, thinker, and problem-solver. 

I’m passionate about **number theory**, **machine learning**, and **quantum computing**, and I spend my time simplifying complex challenges. 

This site is a reflection of my work, thoughts, and the things I’m learning.

## About Me

I’m currently an undergraduate student majoring in [**Mechanical Engineering**](https://www.iitk.ac.in/me/) at [**IIT Kanpur**](https://www.iitk.ac.in/).  

Alongside my studies, I’m also diving into the world of **machine learning** and **quantum computing**, always trying to connect dots between these fields and **number theory**. 

My goal is to keep pushing boundaries in these areas while sharing what I learn with others.

## Explore

- **What’s New**:  
  See what I’m currently thinking and building on my [Now page](/now).

- **Ideas & Inspiration**:  
Discover thoughts, notes, and quotes in my [Blogs](/blogs) and [Quotes](/quotes) collections.

- **Resources**:  
  Explore my [Reading List](/reading-list), [Toolbox](/toolbox), and [Recommendations](/recommendations) for useful books, tools, and resources.

## Links

- [**CV**](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1X0k_9NCodCuM3C_k_VqecOmHQqGicRVN/view?usp=sharing)  
- [**GitHub**](https://github.com/tanvincible)

## Contact

Feel free to reach out via [**tanvipm19@gmail.com**](mailto:tanvipm19@gmail.com).

---

## 📢 **Notice**

**Some pages are under active development.**

If you encounter any issues or have feedback, please open an issue on the [GitHub Issue Tracker](https://github.com/tanvincible/tanvincible.github.io/issues).  
Your input is appreciated!

---

## Changelog & Site Info

For updates and insights, check out the [Changelog](/changelog) and [Site Blueprint](/site-blueprint) page.
